# Stock Boost

  Daily historical stock prices from Alphabet, Meta, Exxon, Chevron, Berkshire Hathaway,
  JP Morgan, Johnson and Johnson, UnitedHealth Group, Apple, Microsoft, Union Pacific,
  Boeing, DuPont, Sherwin-Williams, American Tower, Simon Property, Coca-Cola,
  Procter & Gamble, Duke Energy, Consolidated Edison, Amazon, and McDonalds has
  been gathered. The following features have been generated for each day for each stock: 

  • (index): This is a unique identifier per training and test example and should 
    not be used as a feature.

  • ADL: The accumulation/distribution (A/D) line gauges supply and demand of an 
    asset or security by looking at where the price closed within the period’s 
    range and then multiplying that by volume.
  
  • DEMA: The double exponential moving average (DEMA) is a technical indicator 
    devised to reduce the lag in the results produced by a traditional moving 
    average. Technical traders use it to lessen the amount of "noise" that can 
    distort the movements on a price chart.
  
  • RSI: The relative strength index (RSI) is a momentum indicator used in 
    technical analysis. RSI measures the speed and magnitude of a security's 
    recent price changes to evaluate overvalued or undervalued conditions in 
    the price of that security.
  
  • POSC: The Price oscillator (POSC) is a technical momentum indicator that 
    shows the relationship between two moving averages in percentage terms. 
    The POSC is used to compare asset performance and volatility, spot 
    divergence that could lead to price reversals, generate trade signals, 
    and help confirm trend direction.
  
  • Month: This is the integer month of the year in which the above features 
    were generated from historical prices. This is important to include because 
    it provides information to the model based on seasonality.
  
  • Sector: Sector is one of 11 categories including: Communications, Discretionary, 
    Energy, Financials, Healthcare, Industrials, IT, Materials, Real Estate (RE), 
    Staples, Utilities. Each stock included in the dataset falls into one of these 
    categories. Sector is an important feature to include because different sectors 
    behave differently from one another.
  
  These features have been aggregated into a Pandas dataframe called `X_train`:

+--------+--------+----------+--------+----+
| (index)|     adl|      dema|     rsi| ...
+--------+--------+----------+--------+----+
|       0| 7098904| 2766.4112| 77.5119| ...
|       1| 6447253| 2760.4640| 65.9861| ...
|       2| 3764637| 2750.4837| 64.4815| ...
|       3| 3566283| 2745.2754| 64.8126| ...
|       4| 3386651| 2726.6922| 59.8288| ...
|       5| 4347448| 2724.4973| 61.6772| ...
# ...
# More of the same kind of data.  

`X_train` features are paired with a binary label. The labels, referenced as a 
`buy_signal` is `1` if the 10-day percentage in price change is greater than 5% 
and is otherwise `0`. These labels have been put into the `y_train` dataframe:

+--------+-----------+
| (index)| buy_signal|
+--------+-----------+
|       0|          0|
|       1|          1|
|       2|          1|
|       3|          0|
|       4|          1|
|       5|          1|
# ...
# More of the same kind of data.

  For modeling, you will use [XGBoost](https://xgboost.readthedocs.io/en/stable/python/python_api.html) 
  to perform binary classification.

  Your function will train on `X_train`, tune on `y_train` and predict on `X_test` 
  by returning a Pandas dataframe that has the predicted labels, generated by your 
  XGBoost model, for each sample in X_test: 
  
+--------+-----------+
| (index)| buy_signal|
+--------+-----------+
|    4033|          0|
|      57|          0|
|    3669|          0|
|    2843|          0|
|    4664|          0|
|    3303|          0|
# ...
# More of the same kind of data.

  Your model will need to have at least a 70% accuracy but should aim for a 90% accuracy.

# Hints

# [Hint_1]

  First, we need to load our train and test data into the `DMatrix`
  data type so we can use XGBoost. We have to be sure to enable categorical data
  for the created `DMatrix` to account for the categorical feature, `Sector`.

# [Hint_2]

  Then, we need to define our model configuration and our training set. Using XGBoost,
  we can define which objective function we want to use, which tree method we want
  to use, which learning rate we want, which max depth we want for our boosted trees,
  and finally how many categories of `Sector` we have. Tuning these variables
  will allow us to achieve better model performance.

# [Hint_3]

  Lastly, we need to add our predictions to a dataframe which matches the corresponding
  indices to our predictions. We can return this dataframe for performance evaluation.
